Update changelog (#3430)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet: changelog.txt

4.45.0
==========
### Important Changes that developer should make in their UWP apps.
**Upgrade the minimum target platform version to 10.0.17763.0**
**Upgrade Microsoft.NETCore.UniversalWindowsPlatform version to minimum 6.1.9**
**Add a reference to Microsoft.IdentityModel.Abstractions, if you are still using package.json**

### New Features

> **Logging improvements** [3028](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/3028).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Logs are now consistent when you use several .NET authentication libraires from Microsoft** [3028](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/3028).
```

**Expose resource (scopes) in TokenCacheNotificationArgs** [3389](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/3389).

> **New WithClientAssertion API** that exposes the token endpoint. (3352)[https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/3352].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**New `WithClientAssertion` API** that exposes the token endpoint. (3352)[https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/3352].
```

> **Add more information to error logs** (3278)[https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/3278].

Author: The issues says this is for common interface
